CMPUT 274 FALL 2018
AUTHORS: Eric Claerhout, Henry Lin
IDS: 1532360, 1580649

FINAL PROJECT: Electronics Parts Cost Calculator

Description:
Create a web-scraping tool in python aid a user in comparing part prices
between different electronic parts websites. Taking a parts list in a
CSV file as input, the program would output a CSV data sheet with the
found prices and links to the parts. Because of the advanced logic
needed to determine which part is the best price (considering package
quantity, shipping, currency conversion), the program does not choose a
single result to display, but instead automates the data collection,
allowing the user to make a decision. The program would be limited to
small selection of websites.


Milestones:

	1. Having a web navigator that searches Google for relevant URLs.
	Using python Google search APIs and site-specific searching
	(site:adafruit.com), the program would be able to return URLs to a
	searched product.

	2. Having a general web scraper that pulls information from HTML.
	Using	BeautifulSoup or another similar python package, extract
	information from a given URL's HTML such as the head title. This will
	be kept general to begin, and is more an exercise to learn the
	functionality of our chosen package.

	3. Implementing a site specific scraper for prices with adafruit.com
	Modify the general scraping code to pull prices from adafuit.com

	4. Implementing a site specific scraper for prices with digikey.ca
	Modify the general scraping code to pull prices from digikey.ca

	5. CSV input output
	Use python's CSV module to parse an input parts list through a CSV,
	and output the found results into an output CSV

Bonus milestones:

	- Having a "Best Guess" function that generates a data section of
	  the best prices of individual parts, the estimated total cost.
	  This will very much be a guess, and will be quite inaccurate.
	- Extending the "Best Guess" function to determine the lowest cost
		when buying from a single site.
	- Support n links per search
	- Live currency exchange
	- Support an equivalent products field
	- Implementing a site specific scraper with other sites such as
		Canada Robotix, Amazon, Mouser, Robotshop, Aliexpress
